{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss Arial;}}{\colortbl \red0\green0\blue0;}{\stylesheet{\s0\cf0\lotusoutlinelevel0 Body Text;}{\s1\cf0
\lotusoutlinelevel0 Body Single;}{\s2\cf0\lotusoutlinelevel0 \li288 Bullet;}{\s3\cf0\lotusoutlinelevel0 \li576 Bullet 1;}{\s4\cf0\lotusoutlinelevel0 \li720 Number List;}{\s5\cf0\b\i\sb72\sa72\lotusoutlinelevel2 Subhead;}{\s6\f1\fs36\cf0\b\qc\sb144\sa72
\lotusoutlinelevel1\keep\keepn Title;}{\s7\cf0\lotusoutlinelevel0 Header;}{\s8\cf0\lotusoutlinelevel0 Footer;}}\ftnbj \margl1440 \margr1440 \sectd \pard\plain \s6\f1\fs36\cf0\b\qc\sb144\sa72\lotusoutlinelevel1\keep\keepn {\fs28 BIBLIOGRAPHIE}
\par \pard\plain \s0\cf0\lotusoutlinelevel0 
\par 
\par 1.\tab SOBEL, I., "Camera Models and Machine Perception", {\i Stanford AI Memo 121}, \tab \tab \tab Department of Computer Science, Stanford University, Stanford, Calif., Mai 1970
\par 
\par 2.\tab PREWITT M. S., "Object Enhancement and Extraction", dans {\i Picture Processing and} \tab {\i \tab Psychopictorics}, B. S Lipkin et A. Rosenfeld, Eds., Academic Press, New York, 1970
\par 
\par 3.\tab PRATT W. K., "Digital Image Processing", Wiley-Interscience, New York, 1991, chap. 6, \tab pp. 491-556
\par 
\par 4.\tab GONZALEZ R. C. et  WINTZ P., "Digital Image Processing", Addisson-Wesley \tab 
\par \tab Publishing Company, Mai 1987, pp. 331-386 
\par 
\par 5.\tab ROSENFELD A. et KAK A. C., "Digital Picture Processing", Academic Press, 
\par \tab New York, 1982, Vol. 2, pp. 57-187
\par 
\par 6.\tab KASTURI R. et JAIN R. C., "Computer Vision: Advances and Applications", IEEE
\par \tab Computer Society Press, 1991, Vol. 1 et 2, chap. 2, pp. 65-74
\par 
\par 7.\tab MARR D. et HILDRETH E., "Theory of Edge Detection", Proc. R. Soc. Lond. B, \tab 
\par \tab Vol. 207, 1980, pp. 187-217
\par 
\par 8.\tab WECHSLER H., "Automatic Detection of Rib Contours in Chest Radiographs",
\par \tab Birkh\'E4user Verlag, Basel und Stuttgart, 1977
\par 
\par 9.\tab BESL P. et JAIN R., "Segmentation through Variable-Order Surface Fitting", IEEE  
\par \tab Trans.\tab Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence, Vol. 10, No. 2, 1988, pp. 167-192
\par \tab 
\par 10.\tab LIFSHITZ L. M. et PIZER S. M., "A Multiresolution Hiercharchical Approach to Image \tab \tab Segmentation Based on Intensity Extrema", IEEE  Trans. Pattern Analysis and Machine \tab \tab Intelligence, Vol. 12, No. 6, juin 1990, pp. 529-540
\par 
\par 11.\tab WITKIN A. P., "Scale-Space Filtering", Int'l Joint Conf. AI, Morgan Kaufmann
\par \tab Publishers Inc., San Mateo, Calif., 1983, pp. 1019-1022
\par 
\par 12. \tab BALLARD D. H, "Generalizing the Hough Transform to Detect Arbitrary Shapes",
\par  \tab Pattern Recognition, Pergamon Press, Vol. 13, No. 2, 1981, pp. 111-122\par}